update helloworld project (#55)
massalabs/massa-sc-examples: helloworld/README.md

## Usage

### Testing
To run the unit tests for the project, use the following command:

```shell
npm run test
```

This will run the [AssemblyScript test file](/assembly/__tests__/massa-example.spec.ts) using as-pect.

### Building
To compile the AssemblyScript smart contracts in the assembly/contracts directory, use the following command:

```shell
npm run build
```

The wasm file will be generated in the build directory.

### Deploying
Before deploying the smart contracts, you need to update the .env file at the root of the repository with the following keys set to valid values:

- WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY: Your wallet private key
- JSON_RPC_URL_PUBLIC: The URL of the JSON-RPC endpoint for the Massa blockchain.

Once you have set these values, you can deploy the smart contracts using the following command:

```shell
npm run deploy
```

## Contributing
This project was generated using the sc-project-initializer tool provided by Massa, following the instructions in the Massa documentation [here](https://docs.massa.net/en/latest/web3-dev/smart-contracts/getting-started.html#setting-up-a-new-project).

> To modify the project, the following files were updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the project, the following files need to be updated:
```
